com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RepositoriesModule_MovieDetailLocalRepoFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RepositoriesModule_MovieDetailLocalRepoFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/app_di/CinemaAppModule_ProvideAppFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.app_di.CinemaAppModule_ProvideAppFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RetrofitModule_ProvideMoshiFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RetrofitModule_ProvideMoshiFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/ui/movie_list/di/DaggerMovieListComponent.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_list.di.DaggerMovieListComponent
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_list.di.DaggerMovieListComponent$1
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_list.di.DaggerMovieListComponent$Builder
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_list.di.DaggerMovieListComponent$com_elitsa_libraries_cinemaapp_app_app_di_CinemaAppComponent_movieListRepository
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.BuildConfig
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieMiscBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieMiscBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieActorBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieActorBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/app_di/DaggerCinemaAppComponent.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.app_di.DaggerCinemaAppComponent
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.app_di.DaggerCinemaAppComponent$1
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.app_di.DaggerCinemaAppComponent$Builder
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieDescriptionBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieDescriptionBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/ui/movie_detail/di/DaggerMovieDetailComponent.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_detail.di.DaggerMovieDetailComponent
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_detail.di.DaggerMovieDetailComponent$1
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_detail.di.DaggerMovieDetailComponent$Builder
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_detail.di.DaggerMovieDetailComponent$com_elitsa_libraries_cinemaapp_app_app_di_CinemaAppComponent_movieDetailRepository
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderGradientCardBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderGradientCardBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ActivityMovieListBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ActivityMovieListBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RepositoriesModule_MovieListLocalRepoFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RepositoriesModule_MovieListLocalRepoFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderGradientCardBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderGradientCardBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieHeaderBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieHeaderBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieMiscBindingModel_.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieMiscBindingModel_
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieActorBindingModel_.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieActorBindingModel_
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RepositoriesModule_MovieDetailRemoteRepoFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RepositoriesModule_MovieDetailRemoteRepoFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/db/CinemaAppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.CinemaAppDatabase_Impl
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.CinemaAppDatabase_Impl$1
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieDescriptionBindingModelBuilder.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieDescriptionBindingModelBuilder
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieHeaderBindingModelBuilder.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieHeaderBindingModelBuilder
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieHeaderBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieHeaderBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/BR.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.BR
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieDescriptionBindingModel_.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieDescriptionBindingModel_
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/ui/movie_list/mvvm/MovieListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_list.mvvm.MovieListViewModel_Factory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/app_di/CinemaAppModule_ProvideResourcesFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.app_di.CinemaAppModule_ProvideResourcesFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ActivityMovieDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ActivityMovieDetailBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieCardBindingModel_.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieCardBindingModel_
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/ViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.ViewModelFactory_Factory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/db/daos/MovieDao_Impl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.MovieDao_Impl
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.MovieDao_Impl$1
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.MovieDao_Impl$2
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.MovieDao_Impl$3
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.MovieDao_Impl$4
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.MovieDao_Impl$5
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.MovieDao_Impl$6
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.MovieDao_Impl$7
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieCardBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieCardBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/app_di/CinemaAppModule_ProvideApplicationContextFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.app_di.CinemaAppModule_ProvideApplicationContextFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieHeaderBindingModel_.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieHeaderBindingModel_
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/app_di/CinemaAppModule_ProvideAssetsFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.app_di.CinemaAppModule_ProvideAssetsFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideCacheFileFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideCacheFileFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RetrofitModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RetrofitModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieActorBindingModelBuilder.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieActorBindingModelBuilder
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieCardBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieCardBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RetrofitModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RetrofitModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/ui/movie_detail/mvvm/MovieDetailViewModel_Factory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_detail.mvvm.MovieDetailViewModel_Factory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/CardFeaturedMovieBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.CardFeaturedMovieBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/ui/movie_list/MovieListActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_list.MovieListActivity_MembersInjector
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/utils/package-info.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.utils.package-info
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/app_di/CinemaAppModule_ProvideAppComponentFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.app_di.CinemaAppModule_ProvideAppComponentFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/ApiModule_ProvideMovieListApiFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.ApiModule_ProvideMovieListApiFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/GradientCardBindingModelBuilder.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.GradientCardBindingModelBuilder
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RepositoriesModule_MovieDetailRepoFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RepositoriesModule_MovieDetailRepoFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieDescriptionBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieDescriptionBinding
com/airbnb/epoxy/databinding/BR.java
 com.airbnb.epoxy.databinding.BR
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieMiscBindingModelBuilder.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieMiscBindingModelBuilder
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ActivityMovieListBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ActivityMovieListBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/CardFeaturedMovieBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.CardFeaturedMovieBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ActivityMovieDetailBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ActivityMovieDetailBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/ApiModule_ProvideMoveiDetailApiFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.ApiModule_ProvideMoveiDetailApiFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RepositoriesModule_MovieListRepoFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RepositoriesModule_MovieListRepoFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieActorBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieActorBindingImpl
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ViewHolderMovieMiscBinding.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ViewHolderMovieMiscBinding
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/GradientCardBindingModel_.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.GradientCardBindingModel_
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/MovieCardBindingModelBuilder.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.MovieCardBindingModelBuilder
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/ui/movie_detail/MovieDetailActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.ui.movie_detail.MovieDetailActivity_MembersInjector
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideInterceptorFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideInterceptorFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/RepositoriesModule_MovieListRemoteRepoFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.RepositoriesModule_MovieListRemoteRepoFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideCacheFactory.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideCacheFactory
com/elitsa/libraries/cinemaapp/db/daos/ActorDao_Impl.java
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.ActorDao_Impl
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.ActorDao_Impl$1
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.ActorDao_Impl$2
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.ActorDao_Impl$3
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.ActorDao_Impl$4
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.ActorDao_Impl$5
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.ActorDao_Impl$6
 com.elitsa.libraries.cinemaapp.db.daos.ActorDao_Impl$7
